List backend-specific `IndexType` for `ExecutionPolicy` (#552)
kokkos/kokkos-core-wiki: docs/source/API/core/Execution-Policies.rst

    * * IndexType
      * ``IndexType<int>``

>       * Specify integer type to be used for traversing the iteration space. Defaults to the ``size_type`` of `MemorySpaceConcept <memory_spaces.html#typedefs>`__.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      * Specify integer type to be used for traversing the iteration space. Defaults to the ``size_type`` of the execution space.
```
